codility/README.md, before:

# Results

## Time Complexity

[Frog Jump](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/FrogJump.c)

Count minimal number of jumps from position X to Y.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100% 

[Permutation Missing Element](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/PermMissingElem.c)

Fnd the missing element in a given permutation.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100% 

[Tape Equilibrium](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/TapeEquilibrium.c)

Minimize the value |(A[0] + ... + A[P-1]) - (A[P] + ... + A[N-1])|.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100% 

## Counting Elements

[Max Counters](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/MaxCounters.c)

Calculate the values of counters after applying all alternating operations: increase counter by 1; set value of all counters to current maximum

 - Correctness: 100%
 - Performance: 60%
 - Total score: 77%

[Missing Integer](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/PermMissingElem.c)

Given an array A of N integers, returns the smallest positive integer (greater than 0) that does not occur in A.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100%

[Permute Check](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/PermCheck.c)

Check whether array A is a permutation.
 - Correctness: 100%
 - Performance: 100%
 - Total score: 100%

 ## Prefix Sums

[Passing Cars](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/python-work/blob/main/codility/PassingCars.c)

Count the number of passing cars on the road.
 - Correctness: 100%
 - Performance: 100%
 - Total score: 100%

Commit message:

Add Minimum Avgerage Two Slice

codility/README.md, after:

# Results

## Time Complexity

[Frog Jump](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/FrogJump.c)

Count minimal number of jumps from position X to Y.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100% 

[Permutation Missing Element](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/PermMissingElem.c)

Find the missing element in a given permutation.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100% 

[Tape Equilibrium](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/TapeEquilibrium.c)

Minimize the value |(A[0] + ... + A[P-1]) - (A[P] + ... + A[N-1])|.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100% 

## Counting Elements

[Max Counters](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/MaxCounters.c)

Calculate the values of counters after applying all alternating operations: increase counter by 1; set value of all counters to current maximum

 - Correctness: 100%
 - Performance: 60%
 - Total score: 77%

[Missing Integer](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/PermMissingElem.c)

Given an array A of N integers, returns the smallest positive integer (greater than 0) that does not occur in A.
  - Performance: 100%
  - Correctness: 100%
  - Total score: 100%

[Permute Check](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/C-work/blob/main/codility/PermCheck.c)

Check whether array A is a permutation.
 - Correctness: 100%
 - Performance: 100%
 - Total score: 100%

 ## Prefix Sums

[Passing Cars](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/python-work/blob/main/codility/PassingCars.c)

Count the number of passing cars on the road.
 - Correctness: 100%
 - Performance: 100%
 - Total score: 100%
  
 
[Min Avgerage Two Slice](https://github.com/SebastianArriagada/python-work/blob/main/codility/MinAvgTwoSlice.c)

Count the number of passing cars on the road.
 - Correctness: 80%
 - Performance: 0%
 - Total score: 40%
